SEP8 Remove multisig notes (#662)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0008.md

## Account Setup

> Previously, SEP-8 required the issuer to be added as a signer on the account to prevent un-approved transactions from being sent by the user, however the modern approach is to use the sandwich method. Account balances should be left in the AUTHORIZED_TO_MAINTAIN_LIABILITIES state, and any operations that get approved should be sandwiched between `allowTrust(true)` and `allowTrust(false)` operations.  This way only operations that are explicitly approved can ever be processed.  This new transaction can be sent back to the client with a `REVISED` response, and the client can sign the revised transaction and submit it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, SEP-8 required the issuer to be added as a signer on the account to prevent un-approved transactions from being sent by the user, however the modern approach is to use the sandwich method. Account balances should be left in the [AUTHORIZED_TO_MAINTAIN_LIABILITIES](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-protocol/blob/master/core/cap-0018.md) state, and any operations that get approved should be sandwiched between `allowTrust(AUTHORIZED_FLAG)` and `allowTrust(AUTHORIZED_TO_MAINTAIN_LIABILITIES_FLAG)` operations.  This way only operations that are explicitly approved can ever be processed.  This new transaction can be sent back to the client with a `REVISED` response, and the client can sign the revised transaction and submit it.  
```
